good morning from new jersey and recently
finished the morning training on
first of two day training sessions a
training that the group saw
engage in technical activity
individual to physical work and work
tactical which is always very important
it starts after some nature work
dry tactic we don't say without lonely
with team movements with del
physical work a heating work
real that is the prelude to the
central part at the heart of the work of
today with the group that is divided
a part works with Mr. Mazzarri
another part works with luca instead
vigiani to work on the technique
individual
after which there are alternations such as
always of the tactical work that involves
a little to underline all that
even today there are the
guys who are doing work
individual let's talk about what we talk about
of obi and zanetti
I'm at work today for the job
individual on the other hand we know well
his conditions instead work now
stably almost completely with i
ie the companions milito Mudingayi
other guys they had had
accidents in recent months in the
weeks before today's menu
will continue with a late reply
afternoon the days here are a lot
hot then you start very early in the
morning and afternoon we try to
choose a time that is compatible
with the great heat with the great heat
hot which then involves the players
as an aid you see right now yes
goes to be placed in the tub
refrigerant that at first full of
ice cubes is now the sun
melts the ice remains water
however cold very cold help a lot
very cold very cold very cold
cold but it is good so it is good to assist
and a little at the end of the work of the
mates refreshed by cooling off
in short , life goes on from here
red bull training ground and in
next news we will obviously have
also a hint of what the menu is
of the second session that of
afternoon from new jersey is all there
in the plain inter channel test for only 4
euro for seven days
and then you are free to decide if
subscribe to buy for all
information trains the first row button
of your remote control
go to sky.it or call 19 9 11 44 00
try inter channel and then choose sky
free to